Let me welcome you to the first course in
our Specialization, "Open Source Development Methods".
Here, we want to define what open source software is,
let you learn about the history of open source software,
and what benefits it has provided to
the world's technology infrastructure over the decades.
We want to teach you how to work in open source projects productively,
play well with others,
and be able to gain a lot of benefits from it,
and really see what the advantages are.
We want to discuss the different licensing models that are available,
and help you decide what the best license is [for your project].
We want to talk about methods which are in common use,
such as Continuous Integration,
and also the use of GitHub,
and other hosting providers,
as a central meeting place for open source projects.
We want to show you examples of open source projects.
We want to tell you how to encourage diversity in open source projects.
We just want to survey the whole field.
There will be not many labs here that are actually hands-on exercises,
mostly we will be discussing issues.
In the further courses in this Specialization,
we will have very direct hands-on labs with practical experience. So let's begin!